adding feature secure data access and sharing (#2302)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/plus/features/security.md

    ```bash
    Datasets in project dlt_example_project for profile access:
    github_events_dataset@delta_lake[s3://dlt-ci-test-bucket/dlt_plus_demo/lake_1/]
    reports_dataset@warehouse[snowflake://loader:***@kgiotue-wn98412/dlt_data]
    ```

    And `print(catalog.github_events_dataset)` shows the available tables in the dataset `github_events_dataset`.

    ```bash
    Dataset github_events_dataset tables in logical schema events@v2
    pull_request_event
    issues_event
    watch_event
    push_event
    public_event
    pull_request_review_event
    create_event
    issue_comment_event
    delete_event
    fork_event
    release_event
    pull_request_review_comment_event
    gollum_event
    commit_comment_event
    member_event
    gollum_event__payload__pages
    push_event__payload__commits
    ```

4. Access the data.  
    
    Choose the tables from the catalog you want to work with (for example: `issues_event`) and only load those into the local environment:

    ```py
    df = catalog.github_events_dataset.issues_event.df()
    ```

>     These can be loaded as Pandas dataframes (`.df()`), Arrow tables (`.arrow()`), SQL queries (`.sql()`) etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These can be loaded into:
    * Pandas dataframes with `.df()` 
    * Arrow tables with `.arrow()`
    * SQL with `.sql()`
```

  
5. Do work on the data.  

    Once loaded into your environment, you can work on the data just as you would in your regular Python workflow. In the example below, a custom Python function `aggregate_issues()` performs some aggregations on the data.

    ```py
    reports_df = aggregate_issues(df)
    ```
  
6. Share back the results.  

    Using the `.save()` method you can write back data directly to the destination. For example, the code below writes `reports_df` from Step 5 as a new table `aggregated_issues` in the dataset `reports_dataset`:

    ```py
    print(catalog.reports_dataset.save(reports_df, table_name="aggregated_issues"))
    ```

    Running this lines gives the following output:  
    ```py
    Pipeline save_aggregated_issues_pipeline load step completed in 7.85 seconds
    1 load package(s) were loaded to destination warehouse and into dataset reports_dataset
    The warehouse destination used snowflake://loader:***@kgiotue-wn98412/dlt_data location to store data
    Load package 1730314457.4512188 is LOADED and contains no failed jobs
    ```

## Security and contracts

> When the end-users interact with the data using the Python API, they are doing it through a profile called "access". As a data engineer/devops engineer/infrastructure administrator etc., you can manage this access by setting configurations and credentials for this profile in the manifest (`dlt.yml`) or in the toml files. Read more about setting secrets and configurations for different profiles [here](../core-concepts/profiles.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the end-users interact with the data using the Python API, they are doing it through a profile called "access". As a data engineer, you can manage this access by setting configurations and credentials for this profile in`dlt.yml` or in the toml files. Read more about setting secrets and configurations for different profiles [here](../core-concepts/profiles.md). 
```

# Secure Data Access and Sharing

> dlt+ makes it easy for end-users (like data scientists) to access high quality production data in a secure and Python-friendly way. dlt+ Projects expose a standard Python API which connects to the production data using the profile "access". How the end-users interact with the data can be restricted by setting data and schema contracts for the datasets in the manifest file (`dlt.yml`) under the profile "access".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dlt+ makes it easy for end-users like data scientists or analysts to access high quality production data in a secure and Python-friendly way. A [dlt+ Project](../../core-concepts/project.md) exposes a standard Python API which connects to the production data using an "access" [profile](../../core-concepts/profile.md). This profile can be configured to specify how users are allowed to interact with the data, e.g. by applying restrictions on datasets that are not allowed to be modified.
```

Reviewer: you will prob have to double check the links I put in there, I didn't check that the're 100% correct.

Author: Fixed in the latest commit

> ## Pythonic data access and sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data access and sharing
```

I think otherwise it's too long for the sidebar

> As dlt+ packages are distributed over PyPI or git, data end-users are easily able to interact with them within their own Pythonic workflows. An example of what this can look like:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dlt+ Projects can be distributed as Python packages, with which data end-users are easily able to interact within their own Pythonic workflows. An example of this workflow:  
```

Also I'd suggest you link to the dlt+ projects section that talks about distributing them as python packages

Author: The section doesn't exist yet so I'm leaving it for now

> 1. They pip install the project created by the data engineer into their local python environment (for example, notebooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pip install the python package in your local python environment (for example, notebooks).
```

We should stop using "They" - this docs page is addressed at data end-users, so it should be "You". Generally "you" doesn't even need to actually be used, apart from some cases like in this sentence. What I mean is that everything should be written in an active style, So "do xyz" not "You do xyz"

Author: Fixed in the latest commit

    ```sh
    pip install -U --index-url https://pypi.dlthub.com dlt_example_project
    ```

> 2. They import the project like any Python module and access the datasets. The datasets declared in the project create a data catalog which can be used to discover the schema, and read and write data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Import the project like any Python module and access the datasets. The datasets declared in the project create a data catalog which can be used to discover the schema, and read and write data.
```

I think discovering the schema is true, but maybe we should add that you can explore the data available without actually having access to it on your local machine. And the "read and write data" part shouldn't be mentioned here, the reading part only comes once you use the `.df()` command.

Author: Added this as well

    ```py
    import dlt_example_project as dlt_project
 
    catalog = dlt_project.catalog() # Inspect datasets and available tables
    print(catalog)

>     print(catalog.github_events_dataset) # Access the dataset github_events_dataset from the catalog

Reviewer: can you show example outputs everywhere there's print() functions?

    ```

> 3. They do their analytics on the data and are able to share back their results.

Reviewer: again no "they". And I think that this step is too condensed. We should have each step separately:
* Access the data - mention it can be df, SQL, whatever other tooling. And also mention that they just load the specific data they want, not the whole dataset
* Do work on the data (that's a short section, we just mention that can be done with whatever tooling)
* Share the data back - explain the .save() function and also show the successful message from dlt, and the message when a contract is violated.

Author: Fixed in the latest commit

  
    ```py
    # load data as dataframe data frame (use .arrow() if you prefer arrow. you can also do sql)
    df = catalog.github_events_dataset.issues_event.df()

    # create reports
    reports_df = aggregate_issues(df)

    # share back the reports
    print(catalog.reports_dataset.save(reports_df, table_name="aggregated_issues"))
    ```

## Security and contracts

> When the end-users interact with the data using the Python API, they are doing it through a profile called "access". This access can be managed simply by setting configurations and credentials for this profile in the manifest (`dlt.yml`) or in the toml files. Read more about setting secrets and configurations for different profile [here](../core-concepts/profiles.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the end-users interact with the data using the Python API, they are doing it through a profile called "access". This access can be managed by setting configurations and credentials for this profile in the manifest (`dlt.yml`) or in the toml files. Read more about setting secrets and configurations for different profiles [here](../core-concepts/profiles.md). 
```

Maybe just rephrase this so it's clear this section is for the data engineers/the user that's in charge of managing permissions to the data.

Also I removed the word "simply" - doesn't belong in docs

Author: Addressed in the latest commit

> It's also possible to set granular limits on how users can write the data through schema and data contracts. These can be set individually per profile per dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to set granular limits on how users can write the data through schema and data contracts. These can be set individually per profile per dataset.
```

Why also? We haven't shown any example yet.

Author: Fixed in the latest commit

  
```yaml
profiles:

    access:
        datasets:

> 

Reviewer: is there a reason there's so much spacing between the yaml entries?

Author: Fixed in the latest commit
